All right, all right, all right, so yeah, we're here at Six to Midnight Studios, uh, drinking
uh, Benny T there.
Um, what do you got there, the, the Manila rooibos?
Yeah, the one I can't pronounce.
Yeah, yeah, what do you think about that?
It's good.
It's really good.
I'm enjoying it.
I'm digging it.
Is this all?
This is all rooibos?
Yeah.
Completely rooibos today, Sam.
What I do today?
Yeah.
I went to Philadelphia for falafel.
You went to Philly for falafel?
Sounds full on awful.
Uh, yeah.
Uh...
Oh, boy.
What was it?
Was it dry?
It was goldies.
Oh, man.
And it was not dry.
What, what's falafel?
How could it be dry?
It is so moist.
I've never had a moist falafel.
I'm not a cultured, so I've never had a falafel period ever.
It sounds like a great new word.
He just made up there...
I'm feeling a falafel!
Yeah...
Ha ha!
Well, I just feel a falafel.
Yeah.
What about you?
What did you do today?
Went to the mall with my sister and my girlfriend.
What's up with the mall these days?
It's fucking terrible these days.
Yeah, man.
It's so busy.
Why the fuck is it so busy?
It's just Saturday.
You know?
Yeah, man.
It's March.
Is that a thing?
Do people march to the mall?
They sure do.
A million men march to the mall.
I worked.
I worked at a mall.
Yeah?
I did that, yeah.
Where did you work in the mall?
I worked at, uh, Brookstone.
Ha ha!
I knew you did it!
I sold those massage chairs.
Did you really?
Personal massagers, yeah.
Dude, that's fucking awesome.
Is that all you did?
Was, like, sell, like, the chairs?
Yeah, I just sold stuff, yeah.
The chairs?
Mm-hmm.
Did you ever sell a chair?
What's the most expensive thing you sold at a Brookstone?
I sold, like, a $4,500 massage chair.
Did you get a refund on it, or what?
Yeah, they gave me, like, 50 bucks.
Ha ha!
What a deal!
Shout out to Brookstone.
Okay.
Ha ha!
Pay your employees.
Employees.
Oh, man, that's great.
I used to work at Taco Bell, and that was, like, way worse.
That was, like, my first job.
Which Taco Bell?
It depends on what Taco Bell.
It's the one at, uh, the White Horse Circle.
See, that's not so bad.
It wasn't, but sometimes, like, if I would work until, like, 2 a.m., you'd get, like,
the South Broad crowd.
Like, just everybody, like, crawling from bars and shit, like, just going nuts, and
I was, like, 15.
That's, like, real good entertainment right there.
Oh, for sure.
There was a stripper that, like, came to the drive-thru one night, and just, like, you
know, the whole fucking strip club down here asking for tacos, showing us titties for tacos.
You know what I mean?
It's not the kind of business I want to run.
Titty for tacos Tuesday.
Yeah, titty for taco Tuesday.
That's not the kind of business I want to run.
This ain't 86 anymore.
I can't do that.
This ain't Miami.
That's what he said.
That's what he said to me.
That's what my boss said to me when I was 15.
Cocos Machi.
So there's a funny story.
The Taco Bell is right up the street here.
Yeah.
Like, I'm going to start the story with like, it's really hard to like get a manager, a
general manager position at a chain restaurant.
Dude, you have to have like a fucking, like, at least like an associate.
Exactly.
Well, anyway, this guy that works at Taco Bell up the street, the general manager, his
name is, can we say this on air?
What's his name?
I don't know.
I didn't put my name down.
He just said he works at Taco Bell up the street.
I thought my name was Michael.
So I thought, wait, I had to put my name down.
I thought I put my name down.
And I said, hey, what's your name?
And she's like, Mike Choco.
Shouts of Mike, dude.
So seriously though?
So I thought it was Taco.
I just thought the universe lined that one up for you.
I thought it was so amazing that his name was Mike Taco and he was the manager of Taco
Bell.
So me and Dave, you know, Dave.
Yeah.
We started this little side project called Mike Taco.
We started writing songs and stuff.
One day we went to Taco Bell.
We were like, yo, we love the fact that your name is Mike Taco and we have a band named
Mike Taco and he got super mad, really.
He was like, my name is Mike Choco.
Hey, man, we just wanted to let you know we tribute this band to you and your name, Mike
Taco.
I was like, what the fuck are you guys talking about?
Can you leave?
Can you guys either order a goddamn Gordita Crunch or are you guys going to get a fucking
Gordita or are you just going to leave, okay?
Those are your two options right now.
Oh, shit, man.
What do you guys got going on spring break time?
Once this fucking weather breaks.
What does that mean?
Like once the weather isn't literally how it is in the movie, The Revenant, what are
you guys going to do after that?
Because I feel like I'm going to walk outside and have to fight like fucking a gaggle of
wolves.
Yo, it's crazy out there.
It's still crazy out there, dude.
Last night, like, okay, so yesterday it was snowing, it was a blizzard, there was a hurricane
that went by.
So like a grandma from the Bronx trying to tell us a great story.
All of a sudden it was like nothing.
It was like not cold, it was like no wind.
It was windy as a bitch.
It stopped winding for like a good 15 minutes, we were outside, and I was like, holy shit,
what is, you know?
Next thing you know, my cupboards are smacking each other.
It's crazy.
It's like the fucking Amityville Horror on my street, okay?
I was in a car watching people walk around in Philadelphia and they were like, oh man,
they had to like stop, like, whenever like the winds started, they had to like stop and
like move themselves so you could see them like leaning into it.
It's fucking great.
Dude, yesterday, I, uh, I like pulled up to my apartment complex and every light in
the whole complex was out and it was like pitch black and I'm like, what the fuck is
going on?
Yeah, it was like that in a lot of places.
It was next level, dude.
Yo, New Hope, the whole Hope, the whole part was all...
Looked like old Hope.
Yeah, it looked like no fucking Hope, yeah.
No Hope right there.
Well, there's so many, yeah, there's so many trees around New Hope too, I feel like.
And the water was like, it was like a thousand miles an hour, it was like one kilometer.
Princeton flooded, didn't it?
Holy shit.
Princeton, I thought, flooded.
Dude.
It's, it's, it's kind of scary.
It's like, it's like, you joke about it, it's like, summer one day, winter one day.
Dude, six people died.
From the north, on the east coast, six people died.
From what?
I guess they were in a house and a tree fell.
I don't know, I'll look it up.
Oh yeah, you should look that up.
I'll look it up, I'll look it up, yeah.
Keep going.
Yeah, I don't want to talk about dying people and the weather.
This weather is literally ripping my throat apart.
Yeah.
It literally is.
I sound like an old lady trying to get a cocktail at AC right now, like two o'clock in the morning.
Cocktail!
Like I sound...
I'd take a fucking Cosmo.
I'd get a cocktail over here.
Hey, Georgie, I'd take a Cosmo when you get a sec.
I sound like that guy from Independence Day.
David!
I gotta call my lawyer.
Oh shit, dude.
Yeah, look.
Look, it's right here, man.
At least six killed in a deadly storm.
Thousands without power.
That's insane.
I guess it was like down the shore.
Like flooding and stuff, you know what I mean?
Yeah.
Even when I lived down the shore, the weather wasn't like this at all.
There was wind.
It's always worse.
Weather's always worse farther on the coast than it is inland, right?
Right.
See, I don't live there anymore, but when I did live there, I didn't even experience
weather like I experience in the hood.
Yeah?
It's worse?
Weather's worse in the hood?
Hey, now it is.
I can't believe you there, dude.
It's real.
When was the last time you saw a natural rainbow?
I don't even remember the last time I looked for a rainbow.
I saw some rainbows on a road trip with Sam once.
We went to go get those speakers.
That's cute.
I actually do see rainbows a lot.
Yeah, you do?
I do.
It's like your thing?
You see like little flying birds around your head too?
I think Sam's in love.
I think our old Sammy boy's in love.
Sam, what's up with you, man?
What's going on with music and you?
Music and me?
Yeah, yeah.
I don't know.
I've been trying to play drums.
That's fun.
I mean...
It's fun.
Yeah, it's fun.
I like you.
He's a regular new perp.
I am.
I was in Rush for a while and then they kicked me out because they were like,
Yo, you're a baby.
You're a fucking baby.
We can't even play in a bar because of you.
That's what Rush sounds like.
They're all a bunch of old Italian men.
Oh, we got this fucking baby.
Playing drums.
I wasn't even fucking born yet, dude.
When Rush was popping.
Is Rush still popping?
I think so.
I feel like they're like...
They just did.
They were just on tour.
There's a lot of bands that were like super popping in like the 70s and 80s
and shit that are just not going to go away.
What's your favorite 80s band?
Or musician?
Oh, I can't do that one.
80s.
Yeah, that's a tough one.
Yeah, favorite period is hard.
You know I have a favorite 80s movie?
Breakfast Club, I guess.
What about you?
Everything in the 80s was weird.
Yeah, it was a little weird.
It was weird, right?
Yeah.
Movies and shit.
Molly Ringwald was in everything.
The 80s, it's like such like a...
It's like big.
That's like 10 years.
I don't know.
Yeah, that was 10 years ago.
Oh, wait.
Did Back to the Future come out in the 80s?
Yeah.
Yeah, for sure.
Back to the Future then.
All of them?
Yeah.
All of them came in the 80s?
Dude, even the third one.
Was it?
No, no way.
I remember the third one I got carded at.
Really?
Yeah, the first time.
One and only time I ever got carded to go to a movie.
22 years old, I still get carded at the movies, dude.
It makes me so mad.
You want me to go see Marty McFly right now?
That's what I'm saying, dude.
Seriously?
I get carded for rated R movies, but they're like not even good ones.
That's like PG-13.
Like downsizing?
You know how to read downsizing?
Oh, no.
It's R. It's rated R.
That was the worst movie.
It was so bad.
I was so disappointed.
You know what movie was really freaking good?
That movie Three Billboards Outside of Someplace?
Oh, I know what you're talking about.
It was so good, I watched it twice.
Yeah?
Yeah.
I did that with Star Wars.
It was really good.
I got to check that out.
We did that with Star Wars.
Yeah.
Star Wars.
On the Dolby Theater.
Dolby.
I thought I was going to have a-
They named it Shark from Anchorman 2.
Dolby!
I thought I was going to have a fucking heart attack when I walked out of there.
It felt like my head was just so compressive, so loud in that theater.
Yeah, the Dolby Cinema.
We were fucking the shit out of it.
We sat close.
You girls were like, I think it's in row two and I don't understand.
Not crazy close.
You can see it.
I can't see a damn thing.
We had pretty good seats because nobody was really there.
I'm old.
I need to be in the back a little bit.
Yeah, I don't want to be-
Yeah.
I watched- I saw The Disaster Artist, by the way.
Great movie.
Oh, I love that movie.
So fucking good, dude.
So fucking good.
But I went to go see The Disaster Artist and one, it was an independent movie, so it was
in a smaller theater.
You know what I'm saying?
In the AMC, it was in one of the tiny ones.
And I fucking got there late, so I had to sit front row, literal front row, in the smallest
theater.
My fucking head was the worst, dude.
You're so close that when they do camera shots of two different people talking, you have
to move your head.
You know what I'm saying?
That's how fucking close you are.
That's why you booked that online, Fandango.
Dude, AMC in hell doesn't do that shit.
You still book it, and you still pick the seats, and you gotta look up like this.
I don't get it.
What are you talking about?
That was like a sold-out show.
Just be happy you were part of the experience, all right?
I died that night, actually.
I just died in your arms tonight.
I did.
No, that did happen.
Yeah, I have a condition where I die sometimes.
I just pass out, flop around on the floor.
This was the first time it was like a sold-out show for Black Panther, front row, trying
to rally the troops.
Because you want to see it.
You don't want to sit front row, but you want to see the movie.
You know what I'm saying?
It's one of those things where it's just like, I can't bitch out, but fuck, I gotta sit front
row, man.
That's the worst.
Dude, I got some inside news that AMC Hamilton, apparently 2018 or 2019, will have a full
overhaul of their theater.
But the guy that told me was like 17, and he also told me not to tell anybody, so I
think it was a lie.
We'll see.
Because if it comes out true and we release this, I will go fucking genius, dude.
You heard it here.
You heard it here first.
Don't let anybody fucking steal this, okay?
So it's going to have an overhaul?
Yeah, so they're going to do the reclining chairs, and I don't know, new soda machines.
That place has been updated so fucking wrong, dude.
It doesn't matter about the updates.
It's the people that go there.
Well, yeah, but I'm saying like, but those chairs, those seats.
But those seats, dude.
It's hard to justify.
You can just like, you can go to like, art fair, and just like recline comfortably.
And if you're going to charge somebody, if you're going to charge somebody $12, like,
for me to sit in a corduroy chair.
I always feel like I'm going to beat somebody up when I go to that movie.
Yeah, same.
Somebody is going to get beat up every time we go to that movie, dude.
I had a couple close calls.
There's always a fight when I go there.
I'm just like, how?
Oh, there's always a fight somewhere.
In there.
There's always somebody lost that doesn't know how to get out of the parking lot because they make it really hard.
Yeah.
This theater doesn't even have that many fights.
You ever been to that theater?
They have reclining seats now.
I got into a fight at the Stints Movie Theater.
Not a fist fight, but a shushing match.
I got into a shushing fight, if you will.
I will.
Shh, all out.
Just shushing.
All right, so we talked about the weather, and we talked about...
What's going on with some music here?
What are we listening to?
What's your top three favorite new things that you've been listening to?
Like that are like popping up right now?
No, it could be like...
Just in general?
You just heard it for the first time the other day.
I'm like super heavy into SZA right now.
That thing that you guys were listening to when...
Yeah, that girl, she's on like TV with like Kendrick Lamar.
And like Isaiah Rashad, stuff like that.
She's like super, super good.
She just released that album.
And then just like...
I've been listening to a lot of hardcore music lately.
Hardcore, like what year?
Like new.
Hardcore is so different from...
No, like new.
Like new age.
This band called Counterparts.
I saw them at Warped Tour this past summer.
And I was like, damn, these dudes are fucking super good.
I'm like, who are these guys?
And my girlfriend was like, it's Counterparts.
I'm like, I want to look those guys up.
And like I've just been super into them lately.
But that's pretty much all I've been playing in my car for the last like couple weeks.
See, I just got a new car and it just has the CD player.
Yeah, we were listening to the Deftones CD the other night.
Yeah.
Yeah, but I've been listening to like...
I stockpile all these local musicians that hand me CDs
and I don't get a chance to listen to it because it's not in like...
You know, I got to download it to my computer.
Well, we fucking have a CD player.
You know, I just fucking hoop and dance and all that shit.
But now I got this car and I was listening to Tim Walsh.
Have you ever heard...
Dude, Tim fucking Walsh.
Have you ever heard his CD though?
Oh, he gave it to me, dude.
Did you listen to it?
Yeah, I have it in my car still.
What did it sound like?
It was completely different, right?
It's amazing, dude.
It's so good, man.
I'm out of the loop on this one.
Oh, it's crazy.
He's really good, man.
It sounds like...
You're like, wait a minute, I know that song.
Like, you know all the songs.
Yeah.
But they don't sound like that when it's just him.
And I can't tell what I like better.
I mean, I honestly think that I like him just and his guitar better.
It's really good still, dude.
He played one of the songs.
I'm making it though.
Oh, yeah.
He played one of the songs.
It was like slower.
I don't know.
If he plays it again, I'll know it.
Yeah, that's actually the one.
And it's like super jazzy.
There's a lot of people with good voices around here.
True shit.
You're one of them.
I'm jealous of you both.
Dude, we're jealous of you, man.
Yeah.
We're all jealous of each other.
It's a jealousy parade.
First annual.
No, but yeah, I've heard some really good singers.
You know, being a host of an open mic and doing the music stuff that I've been doing for how many years,
it's hard to find somebody that has everything.
Right.
Perfect.
When I say everything, I mean pitch, timing, and the appreciation to keep the song valid for what it is instead of showboating.
Everybody has a hard time with that.
And then thinking about it, I've read some stuff about how musicians get on stage and they just want an adrenaline rush,
so they turn themselves up and it releases endorphins.
You hear yourself play louder, but it doesn't sound good.
Right.
And it only sounds good to you.
Because you get to hear yourself.
It's the integrity of the song.
Boom.
It's true.
It's passion, man.
Yeah.
You gotta get lost in it.
Yeah, man.
You know what I mean?
I have a really close friend of mine.
I don't want to mention his name, but he's an amazing guitar player.
And he just drowns out the whole band.
And it's just like, I don't know.
I fucking hate it when people do that.
Hold on, hold on, hold on.
Who is it?
I'll tell you later.
Yeah, tell us all.
Tell us all.
I want to know who that is.
Speak so highly.
Dude, I…
You got any local favorites?
Dude, fucking Tim Walsh, man.
Fucking Tim Walsh.
That kid is the truth.
I don't know why I'm calling him a kid.
He's older than I am, I think.
Yeah.
Yeah, he's probably like 26.
Something like that.
How about you, Sammy?
You got any local favorites?
I got tons of local favorites.
There's like so many people here that are just like doing their own thing.
You know, carving out their own sound.
It's super good.
I walked out of my house today.
I was letting my hair dry, so my hair was down.
Carol Burnett style?
Yeah.
And the wind was just like making me nae nae.
And I did this like slow motion finesse commercial.
Because I had my hands full.
I was walking in my car and I couldn't like get the hair off my, you know, face and neck.
It was crossing.
And I did this whole…
I did this thing.
And Alpha Rabbit, who lives right there, this like really cool band, were on their way to
like their gig.
And I saw the chick in the back seat look at me and do that thing that I just did.
I felt like such an asshole.
But then they beeped.
Hey, what's my name?
Blah, blah, blah.
Oh, you're going to a gig.
Yeah, blah, blah, blah.
But like, I still know that they were making fun of me.
So like, dude, look at fucking Benny just dancing outside of his house.
Who the fuck do you think he is, dude?
He thinks he's Cindy Crawford.
Now.
Now Cindy Crawford.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Not like primed up.
Not like heyday, Cindy Crawford.
Instead of beach in a swimsuit, let's do it.
Let's do it.
Where's my yellow one piece?
I think Chalk and the Asian Americans are tight, too.
They're like, they're local ish.
Right.
Yeah.
They're based in Philly.
Your friends are local, yeah.
Yeah, but they're tight.
Yeah.
They played around.
They have a show tonight.
Where?
Saturday the third.
Oh, at the fire.
Yeah.
Definitely at the fire.
That's right.
Too bad we're not doing this live.
Shit.
Sorry, guys.
Shout out to the other night when you guys played at the fire.
And we're fucking mentioning it right now.
Now, do Chalk and the Asian are tight.
They're super fucking good.
They really are.
I've watched them come off a really long way.
And like the guys in the band are just like the coolest fucking dudes ever.
Yeah, they've been around for a minute, right?
Yeah.
They're so good, dude.
I've watched like YouTube videos of them.
Like I saw like their like old like YouTube music videos and shit from like super long ago.
I'm just like, damn, dude.
That's fucking sick, dude.
They're tight.
What do you got?
Who are you looking at these days?
Who am I looking at locally?
Yeah.
Well, I mean.
You got Sean Ladin.
You got the Connick Troy.
Sean fucking Ladin, dude.
Connick Troy fuzz brain.
True.
Fuzz.
The fuzz.
That CD is addictive.
Did that come out yet?
What?
Did they release it?
Yeah.
Oh, yeah.
Oh, my God.
I forgot about that.
Yo, it's amazing.
Yeah.
I got to snag a copy of that.
I can't stop listening to this thing.
I put on all these other CDs, and then.
There's just something about it.
Yeah.
Is it online?
I think so.
I think it is, yeah.
On like, SoundCloud?
I'm sure.
Fuzz brain, yeah.
If you Google fuzz brain or Connor.
I follow them on SoundCloud.
So if it's on SoundCloud, then I should be able to find it easily.
Yeah.
SoundCloud's a good way to listen to some local music.
SoundCloud is on a rise right now, dude.
Everybody's looking at SoundCloud right now.
Which is good, but it's a little over saturated.
Yeah.
Which is good, but it's a little oversaturated.
You know what I'm saying?
That's what happens though, like, you have like that.
That's what everything is.
Model and then it builds up, and then it gets like a little bit worse and then something
else comes along.
But Spotify is like.
Spotify is where it's at right now.
I see everybody that doesn't have an iPhone tells me Spotify is where it's at.
You know, and.
And I think that's why.
Everything that Sam says is like, the people that don't have iPhones.
Yeah.
He's so pro.
Do it a different way.
It's funny.
It's not just you.
There's a lot of others.
I mean, it's not like Spotify did at first, but that's fine.
I love that you're fucking backing Spotify to the death right now.
Somebody can fucking put a gun in my face and I'll rep Spotify to death, bro.
Fucking CEO could do it.
I don't give a shit.
Rep your set, dude.
I agree with that.
You know what I'm saying?
Nobody's doing it for title.
Always has good points.
You know, I've been the angry consumer where I like my own things and Sam's like, try this.
And I'm like, man.
He's like, man.
So like my shit.
So I'm like, man, right back.
And then the other ones, well, I wasn't doing this.
It's like, all right.
It works.
All right.
I feel like Spotify is becoming like a super, like a super mainstream kind of streaming
platform.
You know what I mean?
Yeah.
Like it's becoming like iTunes.
It's just a little bit more.
Yeah.
I'm an iTunes baby.
Same.
But that was the only thing.
Yeah.
Pretty much.
I mean, like legally.
iTunes is like Blockbuster.
Spotify.
No, they're not like Blockbuster.
And did you just say Spotify is a lot like Netflix too?
Yeah.
That is the ultimate fuck.
That's a worse dig than the Verizon guy.
The can you hear me now guy switching to AT&T like a straight punk dude.
That guy is a punk man.
People used to say I looked like that guy.
Really?
Well, I had.
Oh, when you had short hair and a little soul patch.
Yeah.
That's because people look at somebody with glasses and a soul patch and black hair and
you all look the fucking same.
It doesn't matter what you need to be like.
I think that guy is straight up right off the boat from like Sweden.
And I'm like Indian.
Were you in that Verizon commercial?
No.
Do I look like that guy?
Yeah.
You do a little.
That's crazy.
No, that's a huge dig though.
Shout out to that guy for following his dreams though.
We're going to jam out a little bit.
You want to do some jamming?
Lettuce.
Lettuce dude.
I love lettuce.
Lettuce.
Favorite toppings on a hoagie.
Go.
Lettuce.
Tomato.
That's it?
A little vinegar?
A little bit.
You a mayo guy?
Yeah.
Honey mustard or anything like that?
Honey mustard.
What meats and cheese?
Oh man.
You do Italian?
You do bologna?
No, my favorite of all favorites which I've been trying to stay away from is the rare roast
beef with a little bit of turkey and some provolone.
Okay.
See, I'm a basic.
I'm a one scoop ass bitch.
So I will do the Italian.
The classic Italian.
Or I just eat a lot of turkey, American, lettuce, mayo.
Done.
I don't need no extra additives.
What about you Sam?
Sam's like coming up with all the hoagies he's eaten his entire life.
One time I drove to Philly and got hoagies.
Hey man, just give me some cucumber, some hummus.
So literally the exact opposite of the question I asked.
Cool.
What's your favorite kind of hoagie?
You know, I'm just really into cucumbers and hummus.
Awesome dude.
What kind of fucking hoagie do you like?
What are you into?
Do you eat hoagies often?
Are you a cold sub guy or are you a hot sub guy?
I'm neither now.
Really?
Yeah.
Why?
Are you on a diet?
He's a vegetarian.
Are you a vegetarian?
Is that both?
It's all of those.
Wait, are you a vegan?
All of those.
Are you a vegan or are you just a vegetarian?
He's got eyebrows.
Yeah.
You're a vegan?
No.
You're a vegetarian?
Closer.
Sometimes.
Vegetarians don't eat fish.
You're a pescatarian.
Yeah.
But you do try to avoid...
I have holes, alright?
He's got holes that I keep shutting down.
That's like the laziest person that's trying to go on a vegetarian diet.
It's the thought that counts.
Every time I eat a chicken, I feel super bad about it.
I do that too, though.
I try to shop vegan and I get all this vegan fucking food
and then I wind up going out every night because I don't want to eat that.
Yeah, dude.
Nobody does.
The fuck you talking about?
I want to.
Nobody does, man.
It's tasty.
I have friends that own the Old Mill in Allentown.
And I go to their family parties and their Christmas parties and stuff.
Everybody in their family is either vegan or vegetarian.
So the only thing they have there is vegan and vegetarian stuff.
And it's all labeled.
So I always eat Taco Bell or something before I go.
I had a huge vegan lunch.
Good, you guys.
You know what I mean?
But I have tried the tofu chicken or whatever.
And it had buffalo sauce on it.
I hate buffalo sauce.
I'll eat a phone.
I'll eat a cassette tape if it has buffalo sauce on it.
That shit does not bother me.
But it's good.
I was not disappointed in it.
But I don't want to eat that shit every day.
Sam would eat an iPhone.
Sam would only eat Samsung or Google phones.
Is it a Galaxy?
Is it a Pixel?
It's an iPod Touch?
No, thanks.
Hold the iPod Touch.
I'm not going to touch that one.
Have you ever gone in an Apple store?
Are you afraid that you'll just burst into flames?
No, I've been there.
You have?
Not impressed?
Sam's going to get an iPhone X before they get the 11 going.
What do you think they're going to do, though?
What do you honestly think they're going to do?
I don't know.
What is left?
I think they'll just jump to 5.
No, honestly.
So we're just going to put it in your head.
We're going to go back to 5 because 5 was so shitty.
It was our worst phone.
I feel like their next thing is going to be like,
we're just going to put it in your head.
And then you've got to wear these fucking sunglasses everywhere you go.
And they'll just see it in your face.
And the chip.
You guys watch Black Mirror?
Yeah.
Like Black Mirror?
When they did that.
Did you see the one where they...
I was barking and it was like...
Yeah.
Or the one where they did the...
They put like the...
It's like the same thing we were just talking about, basically.
It's like the video game, though.
So they did a virtual reality thing and they just put it in the back of his fucking head.
It was like a haunted version.
Black Mirror is real.
Black Mirror is going to happen.
It's going to happen.
So many things from Black Mirror have already happened.
I didn't like it.
I wasn't a fan.
At first.
I watched like half of one episode.
San Junipero, which is my friend Leo's favorite episode.
It's the one where they put that little thing on your head and it lets you travel through your mind.
But it feels like real life.
You know what I mean?
It's basically like heaven, I guess.
What is that?
Surrogate?
With Bruce Willis?
Yeah.
Never saw that.
Same plot.
Less Bruce Willis.
Dude, how about Will Ferrell?
Me and Sam were talking about Will Ferrell the other day.
He's timeless.
This is such a good fucking movie, too.
Really?
Everything must go?
So good.
This is such a good movie.
Dude, the small gentleman is Biggie Small's son.
Oh, really?
Yeah, dude.
It's Christopher Wallace Jr.
It's crazy.
Wow.
I didn't know that.
And then I saw him do an interview.
And he was like, yeah, I've done a couple movies and shit like that.
I looked it up.
It was IMDb.
He was in this.
And I'm like, oh my God, that's the kid.
So look, Will Ferrell can literally just set up a yard sale in a dramatic role.
And it's hilarious.
Yeah, I like how this is like, it's like a little darker.
You know what I'm saying?
Yeah.
But this is so good.
It's still super funny.
It is.
But it's like, it's like dark comedy.
You know what I'm saying?
It's a really dark comedy.
And I like that.
I didn't know Will Ferrell could actually do anything.
It would be funny as hell.
I'm kidding.
I think the directors know that, too.
That's why they put him in all this shit, dude.
Just put these two tiki torches that are not lit up against that post right there.
Just let them fall.
And just be like, geez, my life.
My life.
You know?
Everything about it was funny.
It's a great movie, though.
When did this come out?
2009.
Really?
No.
Nah, like 12.
2014.
I have no confidence.
That's a huge jump.
Yeah, you really don't.
Holy shit.
I don't know.
But what were we just talking about?
Cookies.
No, we were talking about Apple.
What they're going to do next.
What can they do?
That's what I'm saying.
I feel like from the jump to even just like the 6 or the 7, which were like super influential,
to the 10.
They had no money.
It's not like what they're going to do next.
Apple has like iPhone like 25 already.
They have the next 10 years set up.
It's all set up and they just, they give it to us in little tiny bits.
They just sprinkle in this and sprinkle in that and charge the same price every time.
Charge the same fucking price every time, dude.
That's crazy.
Do you have the big gigabyte 10?
Yes.
I have the smaller one.
It was like a $5 price difference on the payment plan.
I'm poor.
I know, like why?
But it gives a shit.
I'm saving that $5.
They make it super easy.
They make it super easy for like 13 year olds to buy.
Yeah.
Back when it was like.
That's why it's good.
You need like $1,400 to buy this phone.
Right now.
Yeah.
Now it's like you need, what's your name?
Give us a name.
We'll find it if you don't.
We'll come take it.
We'll come take it if you don't.
No, but I agree.
Like back then when phones were like $1,000.
A phone is $1,000.
Like you need $1,000 today.
Yeah.
They still get $1,000 out of you when they get their phone back.
Well, yeah.
Yeah.
But.
You can never like order.
But it's way easier.
But it's way easier now.
Like I'm not paying $1,000 for a phone.
But if I pay $40 a month for 15 months or whatever it is, I can live with that.
And then there's people that go around and try to scam these companies.
I don't know if you heard about that.
Do you hear about like people that try to scam phone switches and just ride this wave
of like just keep going to the next thing and running up their bill and never paying
for their phone for a while.
Like identity theft?
No, no.
Like you say you're getting a plan.
Right.
And then you just go delinquent until they actually take your shit back.
And then you.
Just go silent.
And then you pay to do another one.
You can tell them again.
Hey, I'll switch from this company.
If you guys give me two years free, blah, blah, blah.
And you can just ride that wave.
Dude, those are like those are the ones that like call you on the phone and they're just
like, hey, we have a problem with your credit card.
Can you give us your credit card number?
Hey, man, we're afraid you have some health issues.
Do you mind giving us your social security number so we can check up on that for you?
It's like, no, what the fuck?
Where are you calling from?
Denny's?
In Bangladesh.
You're calling from Denny's in Bangladesh for my social security number because you're
afraid my health is in order?
It's D-N-N-I-E.
Oh, fuck you.
No, I agree.
I agree with that.
It's super easy.
I went in there to get Q-tips and I walked out there with an iPhone, two iPhones and
like a friggin' iPad Pro.
Where?
Verizon.
They sell Q-tips at Verizon now?
No.
They're like smart Q-tips?
Like it's got a camera in it?
Like you can see?
Ears are pleased.
They sell those now.
Thank you, Siri.
It's got like a camera.
The marketing that goes on in the middle of the night on the computer.
See, I want to create some really stupid stuff and just see if it sells.
Because I've seen a lot of dumb...
I buy a lot of stupid.
I don't know why it's in the middle of the night.
These people who have a couple dollars in their bank account.
At like 3 a.m.
I'm one of those people.
It's like drunk dialing, but like without the drinking.
Yeah.
With the dialing.
Dude, these vans that I'm wearing right now.
I was in bed and it was like 2 o'clock in the morning.
And my girlfriend was like, did you ever order those vans?
And I'm like, no, I never pulled the trigger on them.
She's like, why don't you just order them?
And I'm like, okay.
And I just rolled over, went right onto the app, went right onto eBay.
Confirm purchase.
And I'm like, okay, they'll be here on Friday.
She's like, wait, did you just buy them?
Yeah, you just talked me into buying them.
Don't ask like it's a bad thing now.
I don't know.
I have a really hard time talking myself out of buying stuff online.
I have to not put money in the bank.
Yeah, we just went over your Alexa fucking shipment list.
And it was just like, he had like nine things coming that day.
And then it's just like the rest of like for the next five months
are just like booked up with deliveries.
Like they hired a whole new fucking branch of UPS.
All right, guys, we're just gonna be hitting Benny P's house.
Just like, fuck, this guy's getting like fucking 8,000 light bulbs
that are like Thomas Edison style.
Water, a lot of water.
A lot of water, fucking organic chicken nuggets and shit.
Hell yeah, dude.
But you see, you order, you think you order like stupid stuff
and stuff like that, but like, it's cool.
You know what I mean?
It's them.
It's what they do.
They know me.
They know everything about me.
Yeah, dude.
Dude, I thought, I had a thought.
I had a fucking thought about a hoodie by this company called Kith.
Which sounds like Mike Tyson trying to say kiss.
Kith?
Give me Kith.
He's also Amy's boyfriend in Futurama.
The green.
Really?
Is Mike Tyson?
No, Kith.
Oh, oh, no, it's Kith.
K-I-T-H is the name of the company.
And they sell like $800 hoodies and shit like that.
You know what I'm saying?
I don't remember where I was going with this.
You thought it and it happened.
Oh, yeah.
I like thought about the hoodie.
Like the style and everything is like, it's got like maroon.
It's got like maroon stripes and it's like beige or like white or something like that.
Like the main thing in the letters are white.
It's fucked up, dude.
And I just scrolled through Facebook.
I saw it.
How the fuck do they know?
I don't have ads.
Sam doesn't have.
Sam doesn't have ads because he's a fucking elitist and refuses to get an iPhone where they NSA like openly spies on you.
They just do it in private with Samsung.
With the sticker over the earpiece.
Yeah.
I can only talk to you FaceTiming.
Dude, my dad does shit like he has like a phone case that has that thing over that covers all your cameras.
I'm like, dude, how fucking paranoid are you?
It's not happening to me.
It ain't getting to me.
He knows what he's doing.
Fuck you talking about me.
But everybody has Alexa.
Everybody has Alexa in their house.
Yeah.
It's just that's like a spy you can talk to.
Alexa is right behind you.
She's currently listening to what you're saying.
She's like, what?
It's creepy, man.
See?
Yeah.
I don't know.
That stuff's weird.
That scares me.
I like to have Alexa and Google talk to each other.
That's fun.
You ever do that?
They just get really petty and they have a lot of...
They're really nice to each other.
Actually, Alexa is much nicer to Google.
Alexa is nicer to Google than Google is to Alexa?
Yeah.
True.
Real talk.
It's probably because she's learned from Jeff Bezos.
That's why.
Okay, Google.
Oh, God.
Talk to Alexa.
Alexa, hi.
Alexa.
She's ignoring her.
She's being coy.
She's annoying her.
Alexa, talk to Google.
I can't find that skill.
They're not even on talking terms anymore, dude.
They've been listening to our conversation.
All right, so...
We've got a couple minutes left here on the recording.
I think we should start jamming now.
You guys want to...
You guys want anything else to say?
Anything interesting happening in your lives?
There's nothing interesting happening in my life.
Fuck it all.
The world is meaningless.
If anyone plays Fortnite on the PlayStation 4, please add me.
My PSN is It's Ya Boy Saul.
I-T-S.
It's Saul Moserblink.
Like Saul Silver from Pineapple Express.
Ah, gotcha.
Or better call Saul.
If anyone wants to play with us over here at the studio...
Yeah.
Six to Midnight Productions.
Six to...
Six to Fig Night.
We sell figs and we're also a recording studio.
Yeah.
Yeah, if you guys want to record, come through to Six to Midnight Productions.
I'll say it right?
It's also our gamer tag.
Also a gamer tag?
Yeah.
Six to Midnight Productions.
Hit them up if you want to do any recording or anything like that.
Anybody else?
Speak now?
I'm good.
Everybody good?
Alright.
Thanks for watching, guys.
See ya.
Check.
Okay, Google.
Turn all the lights off.
Okay.
Turning 15 lights off.
The end.
Alexa.
Turn all the lights on.
Okay.
Okay, Google.
You're gonna let this happen?
Sorry.
I don't know how to help with that yet.